the favor feast your eyes and on behalf of the
lord jesus receive
Forgiveness he washes his being.
interior and clean you make yourself
new creature he forgives you and the island is
How much am I talking about, the spirit?
Saint is operating this wonder he
Is washing you while I'm lying?
speaking thus you are being
washed purified wash and
consequently you feel it
you feel inside
in the name of the Lord Jesus with your eyes
closed
now after the forgiveness of their sins
your past no longer exists
at that moment the holy spirit in chivu
You, of peace, receive his parents.
his presence is the signal is signaled
for peace
when you have the peace of god
this is the sign of it inside you
Get your father out now.
the roth spirit if it could upon you
and makes you at peace in peace with yourself and
at peace with god
now the peace between you and a god
very high peace between you and the whole
powerful and from that moment on
as long as you are faithful to him you will
have direct communication with him and nobody
can interfere with it
so now friend and friend
if you are feeling the father is the spirit
holy in you
if you want to
instead of asking for something
thank you because you got something
unusual
for free leave
my friend my friend
this hot feeling you feel
now it is not provoked by music or
by my words
but by itu duhalde I still involve
you're amazing
this peace that you have received will never ever
It will come out of you.
because it comes from above
hallelujah and siba receive now with peace
the joy of a new life and joy of the
holy spirit happens soon after peace
With peace come the joy receive this
joy there in the name of the Lord Jesus